hello I'm Claudia you have come with
questions I'm going to answer all your
questions and be useful I apologize for
my parents I'm wearing I'm trying on
outfits and the best thing about working
on Strictly is the team that I work with
are really lovely and I don't have to
work very hard I just die myself bright
orange and then I just read out loud and
so the best thing of the team striving
James hello
a typical day strictly yes I come in a
lovely girl called Debbie there's my
face I said they're like that and it's
just my hair and then the producers they
come in and they tell me what's on the
show and then we go and then we do a
dress rehearsal and then we do the live
show and everybody now sounds my
favorite shoes Vincent mojo one it's a
good question
I know these are new but I also love
these
which I borrowed I like these
so I hope that helps hello Andrew hello
Lily a couple over fan I've got to tell
you I'm not going to do the dance
machine challenge let me show you what I
think does but yeah this is me doing
that machine challenge first of all
let's see okay dins machine challenge
hit this with it right no dance and then
you watch somebody got none ask me doing
it hello pickled onion I like a pickled
onion the people who do the whooping and
hollering are the camera boys and angles
and the lovely people who are in charge
of the floor and they're all extremely
loud as we never know whether it feels
strange if you watch and you hear
whooping and that's irritating or if you
watch it and then there's nothing
weather that just feels flat right it
tell me
David T hello hello
my favorite dance of the series so far I
really like with you whistles quick step
I thought that was completely brilliant
that's the standout one for me however
while I'm recording this the Argentine
tango z' haven't happened yet so I might
have a different answer next week
because it is my favorite dance
la passione hello you asked which male
professional I would dance with and if I
have any crushes I think I probably
danced with Brendan and I do have a
crush and I'm now gonna take this
opportunity to come out with it I have
got a crush on paper Overlord
thank you very much see you later I'm
now going to finish getting list